# ServicesEntitiesChallengesNotificationsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://verify.twilio.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**CreateNotification**](ServicesEntitiesChallengesNotificationsApi.md#CreateNotification) | **Post** /v2/Services/{ServiceSid}/Entities/{Identity}/Challenges/{ChallengeSid}/Notifications | 



## CreateNotification

> VerifyV2Notification CreateNotification(ctx, ServiceSidIdentityChallengeSidoptional)



Create a new Notification for the corresponding Challenge

### Path Parameters


Name | Type | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ctx** | **context.Context** | context for authentication, logging, cancellation, deadlines, tracing, etc.
**ServiceSid** | **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Service.
**Identity** | **string** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters.
**ChallengeSid** | **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Challenge.

### Other Parameters

Other parameters are passed through a pointer to a CreateNotificationParams struct


Name | Type | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ttl** | **int** | How long, in seconds, the notification is valid. Can be an integer between 0 and 300. Default is 300. Delivery is attempted until the TTL elapses, even if the device is offline. 0 means that the notification delivery is attempted immediately, only once, and is not stored for future delivery.

### Return type

[**VerifyV2Notification**](VerifyV2Notification.md)

### Authorization

[accountSid_authToken](../README.md#accountSid_authToken)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
- **Accept**: application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints)
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models)
[[Back to README]](../README.md)

