# VerifyV2Challenge

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Sid** | Pointer to **string** | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Challenge. |
**AccountSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Account. |
**ServiceSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. |
**EntitySid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. |
**Identity** | Pointer to **string** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. |
**FactorSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Factor. |
**DateCreated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Challenge was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**DateUpdated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Challenge was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**DateResponded** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Challenge was responded, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**ExpirationDate** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date-time when this Challenge expires, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. The default value is five (5) minutes after Challenge creation. The max value is sixty (60) minutes after creation. |
**Status** | Pointer to [**string**](ChallengeEnumChallengeStatuses.md) |  |
**RespondedReason** | Pointer to [**string**](ChallengeEnumChallengeReasons.md) |  |
**Details** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be shown to the end user. |
**HiddenDetails** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be hidden from the end user. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"ip\": \"172.168.1.234\"}` |
**Metadata** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Custom metadata associated with the challenge. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"os\": \"Android\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. |
**FactorType** | Pointer to [**string**](ChallengeEnumFactorTypes.md) |  |
**Url** | Pointer to **string** | The URL of this resource. |
**Links** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Contains a dictionary of URL links to nested resources of this Challenge. |

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


