# VerifyV2Factor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Sid** | Pointer to **string** | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Factor. |
**AccountSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Account. |
**ServiceSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. |
**EntitySid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. |
**Identity** | Pointer to **string** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Factor. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. |
**DateCreated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Factor was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**DateUpdated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Factor was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**FriendlyName** | Pointer to **string** | A human readable description of this resource, up to 64 characters. For a push factor, this can be the device's name. |
**Status** | Pointer to [**string**](FactorEnumFactorStatuses.md) |  |
**FactorType** | Pointer to [**string**](FactorEnumFactorTypes.md) |  |
**Config** | Pointer to **interface{}** | An object that contains configurations specific to a `factor_type`. |
**Metadata** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Custom metadata associated with the factor. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"os\": \"Android\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. |
**Url** | Pointer to **string** | The URL of this resource. |

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


