# VerifyV2NewFactor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Sid** | Pointer to **string** | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Factor. |
**AccountSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Account. |
**ServiceSid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. |
**EntitySid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. |
**Identity** | Pointer to **string** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Factor. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. |
**Binding** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Contains the `factor_type` specific secret and metadata. For push, this is `binding.public_key` and `binding.alg`. For totp, this is `binding.secret` and `binding.uri`. The `binding.uri` property is generated following the [google authenticator key URI format](https://github.com/google/google-authenticator/wiki/Key-Uri-Format), and `Factor.friendly_name` is used for the “accountname” value and `Service.friendly_name` or `Service.totp.issuer` is used for the `issuer` value.   The Binding property is ONLY returned upon Factor creation. |
**DateCreated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Factor was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**DateUpdated** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date that this Factor was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. |
**FriendlyName** | Pointer to **string** | The friendly name of this Factor. This can be any string up to 64 characters, meant for humans to distinguish between Factors. For `factor_type` `push`, this could be a device name. For `factor_type` `totp`, this value is used as the “account name” in constructing the `binding.uri` property. At the same time, we recommend avoiding providing PII. |
**Status** | Pointer to [**string**](NewFactorEnumFactorStatuses.md) |  |
**FactorType** | Pointer to [**string**](NewFactorEnumFactorTypes.md) |  |
**Config** | Pointer to **interface{}** | An object that contains configurations specific to a `factor_type`. |
**Metadata** | Pointer to **interface{}** | Custom metadata associated with the factor. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"os\": \"Android\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. |
**Url** | Pointer to **string** | The URL of this resource. |

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


