# CreateCallRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApplicationSid** | **string** | The SID of the Application resource that will handle the call, if the call will be handled by an application. | [optional] 
**AsyncAmd** | **string** | Select whether to perform answering machine detection in the background. Default, blocks the execution of the call until Answering Machine Detection is completed. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**AsyncAmdStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL that we should call using the &#x60;async_amd_status_callback_method&#x60; to notify customer application whether the call was answered by human, machine or fax. | [optional] 
**AsyncAmdStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use when calling the &#x60;async_amd_status_callback&#x60; URL. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Byoc** | **string** | The SID of a BYOC (Bring Your Own Carrier) trunk to route this call with. Note that &#x60;byoc&#x60; is only meaningful when &#x60;to&#x60; is a phone number; it will otherwise be ignored. (Beta) | [optional] 
**CallReason** | **string** | The Reason for the outgoing call. Use it to specify the purpose of the call that is presented on the called party&#39;s phone. (Branded Calls Beta) | [optional] 
**CallerId** | **string** | The phone number, SIP address, or Client identifier that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164 format](https://wwnw.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) (e.g., +16175551212). SIP addresses are formatted as &#x60;name@company.com&#x60;. | [optional] 
**FallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method that we should use to request the &#x60;fallback_url&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. | [optional] 
**FallbackUrl** | **string** | The URL that we call using the &#x60;fallback_method&#x60; if an error occurs when requesting or executing the TwiML at &#x60;url&#x60;. If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | The phone number or client identifier to use as the caller id. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the &#x60;to&#x60; parameter is a phone number, &#x60;From&#x60; must also be a phone number. | 
**MachineDetection** | **string** | Whether to detect if a human, answering machine, or fax has picked up the call. Can be: &#x60;Enable&#x60; or &#x60;DetectMessageEnd&#x60;. Use &#x60;Enable&#x60; if you would like us to return &#x60;AnsweredBy&#x60; as soon as the called party is identified. Use &#x60;DetectMessageEnd&#x60;, if you would like to leave a message on an answering machine. If &#x60;send_digits&#x60; is provided, this parameter is ignored. For more information, see [Answering Machine Detection](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/answering-machine-detection). | [optional] 
**MachineDetectionSilenceTimeout** | **int32** | The number of milliseconds of initial silence after which an &#x60;unknown&#x60; AnsweredBy result will be returned. Possible Values: 2000-10000. Default: 5000. | [optional] 
**MachineDetectionSpeechEndThreshold** | **int32** | The number of milliseconds of silence after speech activity at which point the speech activity is considered complete. Possible Values: 500-5000. Default: 1200. | [optional] 
**MachineDetectionSpeechThreshold** | **int32** | The number of milliseconds that is used as the measuring stick for the length of the speech activity, where durations lower than this value will be interpreted as a human and longer than this value as a machine. Possible Values: 1000-6000. Default: 2400. | [optional] 
**MachineDetectionTimeout** | **int32** | The number of seconds that we should attempt to detect an answering machine before timing out and sending a voice request with &#x60;AnsweredBy&#x60; of &#x60;unknown&#x60;. The default timeout is 30 seconds. | [optional] 
**Method** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use when calling the &#x60;url&#x60; parameter&#39;s value. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. | [optional] 
**Record** | **bool** | Whether to record the call. Can be &#x60;true&#x60; to record the phone call, or &#x60;false&#x60; to not. The default is &#x60;false&#x60;. The &#x60;recording_url&#x60; is sent to the &#x60;status_callback&#x60; URL. | [optional] 
**RecordingChannels** | **string** | The number of channels in the final recording. Can be: &#x60;mono&#x60; or &#x60;dual&#x60;. The default is &#x60;mono&#x60;. &#x60;mono&#x60; records both legs of the call in a single channel of the recording file. &#x60;dual&#x60; records each leg to a separate channel of the recording file. The first channel of a dual-channel recording contains the parent call and the second channel contains the child call. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL that we call when the recording is available to be accessed. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The recording status events that will trigger calls to the URL specified in &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;in-progress&#x60;, &#x60;completed&#x60; and &#x60;absent&#x60;. Defaults to &#x60;completed&#x60;. Separate  multiple values with a space. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use when calling the &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60; URL. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingTrack** | **string** | The audio track to record for the call. Can be: &#x60;inbound&#x60;, &#x60;outbound&#x60; or &#x60;both&#x60;. The default is &#x60;both&#x60;. &#x60;inbound&#x60; records the audio that is received by Twilio. &#x60;outbound&#x60; records the audio that is generated from Twilio. &#x60;both&#x60; records the audio that is received and generated by Twilio. | [optional] 
**SendDigits** | **string** | A string of keys to dial after connecting to the number, maximum of 32 digits. Valid digits in the string include: any digit (&#x60;0&#x60;-&#x60;9&#x60;), &#39;&#x60;#&#x60;&#39;, &#39;&#x60;*&#x60;&#39; and &#39;&#x60;w&#x60;&#39;, to insert a half second pause. For example, if you connected to a company phone number and wanted to pause for one second, and then dial extension 1234 followed by the pound key, the value of this parameter would be &#x60;ww1234#&#x60;. Remember to URL-encode this string, since the &#39;&#x60;#&#x60;&#39; character has special meaning in a URL. If both &#x60;SendDigits&#x60; and &#x60;MachineDetection&#x60; parameters are provided, then &#x60;MachineDetection&#x60; will be ignored. | [optional] 
**SipAuthPassword** | **string** | The password required to authenticate the user account specified in &#x60;sip_auth_username&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SipAuthUsername** | **string** | The username used to authenticate the caller making a SIP call. | [optional] 
**StatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;status_callback_method&#x60; to send status information to your application. If no &#x60;status_callback_event&#x60; is specified, we will send the &#x60;completed&#x60; status. If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. URLs must contain a valid hostname (underscores are not permitted). | [optional] 
**StatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The call progress events that we will send to the &#x60;status_callback&#x60; URL. Can be: &#x60;initiated&#x60;, &#x60;ringing&#x60;, &#x60;answered&#x60;, and &#x60;completed&#x60;. If no event is specified, we send the &#x60;completed&#x60; status. If you want to receive multiple events, specify each one in a separate &#x60;status_callback_event&#x60; parameter. See the code sample for [monitoring call progress](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/call-resource?code-sample&#x3D;code-create-a-call-resource-and-specify-a-statuscallbackevent&amp;code-sdk-version&#x3D;json). If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; is present, this parameter is ignored. | [optional] 
**StatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use when calling the &#x60;status_callback&#x60; URL. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. If an &#x60;application_sid&#x60; parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. | [optional] 
**Timeout** | **int32** | The integer number of seconds that we should allow the phone to ring before assuming there is no answer. The default is &#x60;60&#x60; seconds and the maximum is &#x60;600&#x60; seconds. For some call flows, we will add a 5-second buffer to the timeout value you provide. For this reason, a timeout value of 10 seconds could result in an actual timeout closer to 15 seconds. You can set this to a short time, such as &#x60;15&#x60; seconds, to hang up before reaching an answering machine or voicemail. | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | The phone number, SIP address, or client identifier to call. | 
**Trim** | **string** | Whether to trim any leading and trailing silence from the recording. Can be: &#x60;trim-silence&#x60; or &#x60;do-not-trim&#x60; and the default is &#x60;trim-silence&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Twiml** | **string** | TwiML instructions for the call Twilio will use without fetching Twiml from url parameter. If both &#x60;twiml&#x60; and &#x60;url&#x60; are provided then &#x60;twiml&#x60; parameter will be ignored. | [optional] 
**Url** | **string** | The absolute URL that returns the TwiML instructions for the call. We will call this URL using the &#x60;method&#x60; when the call connects. For more information, see the [Url Parameter](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/make-calls#specify-a-url-parameter) section in [Making Calls](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/make-calls). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


