# InlineObject6

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Beep** | **string** | Whether to play a notification beep to the conference when the participant joins. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;, &#x60;onEnter&#x60;, or &#x60;onExit&#x60;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Byoc** | **string** | The SID of a BYOC (Bring Your Own Carrier) trunk to route this call with. Note that &#x60;byoc&#x60; is only meaningful when &#x60;to&#x60; is a phone number; it will otherwise be ignored. (Beta) | [optional] 
**CallReason** | **string** | The Reason for the outgoing call. Use it to specify the purpose of the call that is presented on the called party&#39;s phone. (Branded Calls Beta) | [optional] 
**CallSidToCoach** | **string** | The SID of the participant who is being &#x60;coached&#x60;. The participant being coached is the only participant who can hear the participant who is &#x60;coaching&#x60;. | [optional] 
**CallerId** | **string** | The phone number, Client identifier, or username portion of SIP address that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., +16175551212). Client identifiers are formatted &#x60;client:name&#x60;. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the &#x60;to&#x60; parameter is a phone number, &#x60;callerId&#x60; must also be a phone number. If &#x60;to&#x60; is sip address, this value of &#x60;callerId&#x60; should be a username portion to be used to populate the From header that is passed to the SIP endpoint. | [optional] 
**Coaching** | **bool** | Whether the participant is coaching another call. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;. If not present, defaults to &#x60;false&#x60; unless &#x60;call_sid_to_coach&#x60; is defined. If &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;call_sid_to_coach&#x60; must be defined. | [optional] 
**ConferenceRecord** | **string** | Whether to record the conference the participant is joining. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;, &#x60;record-from-start&#x60;, and &#x60;do-not-record&#x60;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ConferenceRecordingStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;conference_recording_status_callback_method&#x60; when the conference recording is available. | [optional] 
**ConferenceRecordingStatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The conference recording state changes that generate a call to &#x60;conference_recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;in-progress&#x60;, &#x60;completed&#x60;, and &#x60;failed&#x60;. Separate multiple values with a space. The default value is &#x60;in-progress completed failed&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ConferenceRecordingStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;conference_recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ConferenceStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;conference_status_callback_method&#x60; when the conference events in &#x60;conference_status_callback_event&#x60; occur. Only the value set by the first participant to join the conference is used. Subsequent &#x60;conference_status_callback&#x60; values are ignored. | [optional] 
**ConferenceStatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The conference state changes that should generate a call to &#x60;conference_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;start&#x60;, &#x60;end&#x60;, &#x60;join&#x60;, &#x60;leave&#x60;, &#x60;mute&#x60;, &#x60;hold&#x60;, and &#x60;speaker&#x60;. Separate multiple values with a space. Defaults to &#x60;start end&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ConferenceStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;conference_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**ConferenceTrim** | **string** | Whether to trim leading and trailing silence from your recorded conference audio files. Can be: &#x60;trim-silence&#x60; or &#x60;do-not-trim&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;trim-silence&#x60;. | [optional] 
**EarlyMedia** | **bool** | Whether to allow an agent to hear the state of the outbound call, including ringing or disconnect messages. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**EndConferenceOnExit** | **bool** | Whether to end the conference when the participant leaves. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | The phone number, Client identifier, or username portion of SIP address that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., +16175551212). Client identifiers are formatted &#x60;client:name&#x60;. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the &#x60;to&#x60; parameter is a phone number, &#x60;from&#x60; must also be a phone number. If &#x60;to&#x60; is sip address, this value of &#x60;from&#x60; should be a username portion to be used to populate the P-Asserted-Identity header that is passed to the SIP endpoint. | 
**JitterBufferSize** | **string** | Jitter buffer size for the connecting participant. Twilio will use this setting to apply Jitter Buffer before participant&#39;s audio is mixed into the conference. Can be: &#x60;off&#x60;, &#x60;small&#x60;, &#x60;medium&#x60;, and &#x60;large&#x60;. Default to &#x60;large&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Label** | **string** | A label for this participant. If one is supplied, it may subsequently be used to fetch, update or delete the participant. | [optional] 
**MaxParticipants** | **int32** | The maximum number of participants in the conference. Can be a positive integer from &#x60;2&#x60; to &#x60;250&#x60;. The default value is &#x60;250&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Muted** | **bool** | Whether the agent is muted in the conference. Can be &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60; and the default is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Record** | **bool** | Whether to record the participant and their conferences, including the time between conferences. Can be &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60; and the default is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingChannels** | **string** | The recording channels for the final recording. Can be: &#x60;mono&#x60; or &#x60;dual&#x60; and the default is &#x60;mono&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL that we should call using the &#x60;recording_status_callback_method&#x60; when the recording status changes. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The recording state changes that should generate a call to &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;in-progress&#x60;, &#x60;completed&#x60;, and &#x60;failed&#x60;. Separate multiple values with a space. The default value is &#x60;in-progress completed failed&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use when we call &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingTrack** | **string** | The audio track to record for the call. Can be: &#x60;inbound&#x60;, &#x60;outbound&#x60; or &#x60;both&#x60;. The default is &#x60;both&#x60;. &#x60;inbound&#x60; records the audio that is received by Twilio. &#x60;outbound&#x60; records the audio that is sent from Twilio. &#x60;both&#x60; records the audio that is received and sent by Twilio. | [optional] 
**Region** | **string** | The [region](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223132167-How-global-low-latency-routing-and-region-selection-work-for-conferences-and-Client-calls) where we should mix the recorded audio. Can be:&#x60;us1&#x60;, &#x60;ie1&#x60;, &#x60;de1&#x60;, &#x60;sg1&#x60;, &#x60;br1&#x60;, &#x60;au1&#x60;, or &#x60;jp1&#x60;. | [optional] 
**SipAuthPassword** | **string** | The SIP password for authentication. | [optional] 
**SipAuthUsername** | **string** | The SIP username used for authentication. | [optional] 
**StartConferenceOnEnter** | **bool** | Whether to start the conference when the participant joins, if it has not already started. Can be: &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60; and the default is &#x60;true&#x60;. If &#x60;false&#x60; and the conference has not started, the participant is muted and hears background music until another participant starts the conference. | [optional] 
**StatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;status_callback_method&#x60; to send status information to your application. | [optional] 
**StatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The conference state changes that should generate a call to &#x60;status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;initiated&#x60;, &#x60;ringing&#x60;, &#x60;answered&#x60;, and &#x60;completed&#x60;. Separate multiple values with a space. The default value is &#x60;completed&#x60;. | [optional] 
**StatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; and &#x60;POST&#x60; and defaults to &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Timeout** | **int32** | The number of seconds that we should allow the phone to ring before assuming there is no answer. Can be an integer between &#x60;5&#x60; and &#x60;600&#x60;, inclusive. The default value is &#x60;60&#x60;. We always add a 5-second timeout buffer to outgoing calls, so  value of 10 would result in an actual timeout that was closer to 15 seconds. | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | The phone number, SIP address, or Client identifier that received this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., +16175551212). SIP addresses are formatted as &#x60;sip:name@company.com&#x60;. Client identifiers are formatted &#x60;client:name&#x60;. [Custom parameters](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/conference-participant-resource#custom-parameters) may also be specified. | 
**WaitMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;wait_url&#x60;. Can be &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. When using a static audio file, this should be &#x60;GET&#x60; so that we can cache the file. | [optional] 
**WaitUrl** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;wait_method&#x60; for the music to play while participants are waiting for the conference to start. The default value is the URL of our standard hold music. [Learn more about hold music](https://www.twilio.com/labs/twimlets/holdmusic). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


