# InlineObject

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AudioSources** | **[]string** | An array of track names from the same group room to merge into the compositions created by the composition hook. Can include zero or more track names. A composition triggered by the composition hook includes all audio sources specified in &#x60;audio_sources&#x60; except those specified in &#x60;audio_sources_excluded&#x60;. The track names in this parameter can include an asterisk as a wild card character, which matches zero or more characters in a track name. For example, &#x60;student*&#x60; includes tracks named &#x60;student&#x60; as well as &#x60;studentTeam&#x60;. | [optional] 
**AudioSourcesExcluded** | **[]string** | An array of track names to exclude. A composition triggered by the composition hook includes all audio sources specified in &#x60;audio_sources&#x60; except for those specified in &#x60;audio_sources_excluded&#x60;. The track names in this parameter can include an asterisk as a wild card character, which matches zero or more characters in a track name. For example, &#x60;student*&#x60; excludes &#x60;student&#x60; as well as &#x60;studentTeam&#x60;. This parameter can also be empty. | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Whether the composition hook is active. When &#x60;true&#x60;, the composition hook will be triggered for every completed Group Room in the account. When &#x60;false&#x60;, the composition hook will never be triggered. | [optional] 
**Format** | **string** | The container format of the media files used by the compositions created by the composition hook. Can be: &#x60;mp4&#x60; or &#x60;webm&#x60; and the default is &#x60;webm&#x60;. If &#x60;mp4&#x60; or &#x60;webm&#x60;, &#x60;audio_sources&#x60; must have one or more tracks and/or a &#x60;video_layout&#x60; element must contain a valid &#x60;video_sources&#x60; list, otherwise an error occurs. | [optional] 
**FriendlyName** | **string** | A descriptive string that you create to describe the resource. It can be up to  100 characters long and it must be unique within the account. | 
**Resolution** | **string** | A string that describes the columns (width) and rows (height) of the generated composed video in pixels. Defaults to &#x60;640x480&#x60;.  The string&#39;s format is &#x60;{width}x{height}&#x60; where:   * 16 &lt;&#x3D; &#x60;{width}&#x60; &lt;&#x3D; 1280 * 16 &lt;&#x3D; &#x60;{height}&#x60; &lt;&#x3D; 1280 * &#x60;{width}&#x60; * &#x60;{height}&#x60; &lt;&#x3D; 921,600  Typical values are:   * HD &#x3D; &#x60;1280x720&#x60; * PAL &#x3D; &#x60;1024x576&#x60; * VGA &#x3D; &#x60;640x480&#x60; * CIF &#x3D; &#x60;320x240&#x60;  Note that the &#x60;resolution&#x60; imposes an aspect ratio to the resulting composition. When the original video tracks are constrained by the aspect ratio, they are scaled to fit. See [Specifying Video Layouts](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/api/compositions-resource#specifying-video-layouts) for more info. | [optional] 
**StatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;status_callback_method&#x60; to send status information to your application on every composition event. If not provided, status callback events will not be dispatched. | [optional] 
**StatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;POST&#x60; or &#x60;GET&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Trim** | **bool** | Whether to clip the intervals where there is no active media in the Compositions triggered by the composition hook. The default is &#x60;true&#x60;. Compositions with &#x60;trim&#x60; enabled are shorter when the Room is created and no Participant joins for a while as well as if all the Participants leave the room and join later, because those gaps will be removed. See [Specifying Video Layouts](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/api/compositions-resource#specifying-video-layouts) for more info. | [optional] 
**VideoLayout** | [**map[string]interface{}**](.md) | An object that describes the video layout of the composition hook in terms of regions. See [Specifying Video Layouts](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/api/compositions-resource#specifying-video-layouts) for more info. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


