# CreateCallRecordingRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecordingChannels** | **string** | The number of channels used in the recording. Can be: &#x60;mono&#x60; or &#x60;dual&#x60; and the default is &#x60;mono&#x60;. &#x60;mono&#x60; records all parties of the call into one channel. &#x60;dual&#x60; records each party of a 2-party call into separate channels. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallback** | **string** | The URL we should call using the &#x60;recording_status_callback_method&#x60; on each recording event specified in  &#x60;recording_status_callback_event&#x60;. For more information, see [RecordingStatusCallback parameters](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/recording#recordingstatuscallback). | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackEvent** | **[]string** | The recording status events on which we should call the &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60; URL. Can be: &#x60;in-progress&#x60;, &#x60;completed&#x60; and &#x60;absent&#x60; and the default is &#x60;completed&#x60;. Separate multiple event values with a space. | [optional] 
**RecordingStatusCallbackMethod** | **string** | The HTTP method we should use to call &#x60;recording_status_callback&#x60;. Can be: &#x60;GET&#x60; or &#x60;POST&#x60; and the default is &#x60;POST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**RecordingTrack** | **string** | The audio track to record for the call. Can be: &#x60;inbound&#x60;, &#x60;outbound&#x60; or &#x60;both&#x60;. The default is &#x60;both&#x60;. &#x60;inbound&#x60; records the audio that is received by Twilio. &#x60;outbound&#x60; records the audio that is generated from Twilio. &#x60;both&#x60; records the audio that is received and generated by Twilio. | [optional] 
**Trim** | **string** | Whether to trim any leading and trailing silence in the recording. Can be: &#x60;trim-silence&#x60; or &#x60;do-not-trim&#x60; and the default is &#x60;do-not-trim&#x60;. &#x60;trim-silence&#x60; trims the silence from the beginning and end of the recording and &#x60;do-not-trim&#x60; does not. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


